+++
title = "EX180"
weight = 2
description = '''
'''
+++
## Prepping for the Exam:
DO180 course

When prepping for the exam, I reviewed DO180 course material every other day for 2 hours up until the exam; I had about 4 of these sessions. I also prepped a bit the day of the exam on material I knew I wasn’t as comfortable with, so it was fresh in my mind for the exam. I tried to pick documentation and labs that covered the majority of topics the course covered.


### Documents and Labs I reviewed while prepping for the course:
Note: You can star a page during the course, so it’s easy to find and come back to in the future


* Manipulating Container Images - Document - Chapter 4


* Managing Containers - Lab - Chapter 3


* Managing Images - Lab - Chapter 4


* Creating Custom Container Images - Lab - Chapter 5


* Deploying Multi-Container Applications - Lab - Chapter 7


* Troubleshooting Containerized Applications - Lab - Chapter 8


* Containerizing and Deploying a Software Application - Lab - Chapter 9




## Scheduling the Exam:
Ensure you sign up for the exam using the same version of OpenShift that you used while going through the DO180 course. At the time of my onboarding and training, DO180 was using OpenShift v4.6, so I took EX180V46K.


## The Exam:
I used my personal Windows desktop for the exam as I tried my personal 2019 Macbook Pro but the trackpad and keyboard wouldn’t work within the exam environment. I could have probably tried it clamshell with an external mouse and keyboard, but I felt like going to my desktop was easier. It’s a known issue that 2018+ Macbooks may have issues, Red Hat goes into a bit of detail there, so I don’t think the work laptop would have performed any differently than my personal Macbook.

Test out the exam environment a few days before the exam. After logging in with your Red Hat account, there’s a comprehensive test of your environment to ensure you have everything configured correctly for the exam. The biggest annoyance for me was with my microphone as it said it couldn’t detect any input but the playback indicated it was working properly; I just had it do a retest and for whatever reason, it’d pass that. 

During the exam you don’t have access to the internet, so your only documentation are man pages and   “--help”. Make sure to read everything and read slowly. There were a couple times where I didn’t read a paragraph completely and it caused issues with subsequent questions, so I had to go back and fix it. I didn’t feel like I was pressed for time, I finished the exam with 17 minutes to spare, so don’t try to rush through the questions. Take advantage of the checkboxes and testing tips they include.





*****

[[category.storage-team]] 
[[category.confluence]] 
